okay here's a continuation of the last
video that I showed using a wall outlet
transformer run backwards to light up a
modified CFL and I've worked some more
on this along with the Sky Watcher idea
of putting up batteries in series in a
different way and it came up with this
thing to show today first off the bulb
amusing here is a 60-watt bulb that's
been gutted and it's just the guts and
then i'm using a wall outlet transformer
that is 3.7 bolts and run backwards it's
a 3.7 volt wall outlet transfer run
backwards and there's the circuit
diagram if you can freeze-frame this
guys that wanted to replicate it there's
the diagram right there pants low it's a
555 timer circuit a very simple runs
through a transistor and then runs the
transformer that lights up the light now
the other part of this project was the
Sky Watcher idea of taking the batteries
and grouping them in such a way that you
could charge up a group of doublea's
that are put in parallel and then when
they charged up you exchange them with
the group of double a's that were in
series to make the higher voltage so
what i have here is a battery pack of
eight double a's to make about 12 volts
and then two battery packs that are 1.5
volts connected in a very strange way it
feed the light the power and the way
this works is as the energy flows around
it gets dropped down in voltage both
directions to a feed voltage of about
nine volts here and when you use
capacitors is these things climb up here
these are capacitors it would slowly
starve that circuit
to when the light would just go out but
when you use batteries especially like
this the voltage drops but it doesn't
drop that bow so that you can still run
the light and does charge up these
batteries and here's the setup it's a
group of eight to make about 12 volts
there rechargeable so it's not really 12
it's less and then i rewired these
battery packs so that it's more
batteries and make up 1.5 volts two of
them and you run around to the circuit
I'm going to turn this on I'll show you
what it looks like now this bulb does
not come on full bright and I can't make
a comment fulbright but it's enough to
show the principle now what we're doing
here comes the bulb I can vary the
brightness by adjusting this
potentiometer right here which is that
one right there in the circuit I believe
that adjusts the frequency and the one
up here the 10k resistor would have been
the duty cycle well this is doing the
frequency right here and watch the
brightness go up and down as i do this
and like I say what's happening here is
this battery pack here is running
through that battery pack feeding the
circuit then on the return this battery
pack is being fed energy on the way back
to this battery pack and the circuit
looks like that it's very strange it's a
strange way to do this and I don't know
I call it the crazy like because it's a
crazy crazy setup and I don't think it
really works but it was very very
interesting I had a lot of lump plan
with it and the idea was that when these
charged up and this one depletes you
take the batteries out of here you put
them in there you take those eight
batteries split them up and in charge up
these eight separately from the eight
that are done in series you just cycle
them around and around and around now it
wont self-sustained obviously you'd have
to add mode joules of energy but it's an
interesting circuit and every time I do
a circuit that's interesting i've
learned something yeah this was this a
crazy light thing that a lot of fun with
it and especially this light part of it
right here and i actually took this on a
sailing trip and use it every night and
was effective it was a nice little table
light and i enjoyed having that it was
done kind of fun to have on the table
and play with so anyway that's the
latest with the lid motor skywatcher
crazy light